The cumulative results
for the practical exam are out!
I can't believe he got first place
with no rescue points.
The faux villains acquire their targets
and draw near them.
In the second half.
as others were slowing down.
he used his flashy Quirk to keep bringing
them close and then counterattacking.
It's the result of his toughness.
In contrast. there's the seventh place
student with zero villain points.
There have been other examinees
who took on the large villain in the past.
but it's been a while since I last saw
someone blow it away.
But to suffer such a serious
injury from his own attack…
It's like he's a young child
whose Quirk just manifested.
The night after I opened
my acceptance letter.
that person contacted me.
All Might!
-Who's that?
-All Might?
No way! Where?
Repeat after me.
"I had the wrong person."
Oh. I had the wrong person!
-Aw. what?
-I was hoping to see him…
Congrats on getting accepted.
Thank you very much!
Just so you know. I didn't tell the school
about my connection to you.
You're the type that would think
that's cheating. right?
I wasn't one of the judges.
Thank you for your concern!
But I was surprised to find out
that you were a teacher at U.A.
So that's why you came here. huh?
I mean. your agency is in Roppongi
in Minato. Tokyo at…
Stop that!
I couldn't tell anyone
before the school announced it.
I just happened to be offered
a job from U.A.
when I was searching for a successor.
I have been looking for a successor.
I see. He was originally planning
on choosing one of the students.
One of the students gifted
with an amazing Quirk.
My body broke with one kick
and one punch of One For All.
I can't control it at all.
That can't be helped.
It's like if you asked a person
who suddenly grew a tail to do a trick.
they wouldn't even be able to control it.
Wait. did you know
that would happen?
Well. there wasn't any time…
But it turned out all right.
It turned out "all might"!
Right now. you're either
at a hundred percent or zero.
But once you can control it.
you'll be able to adjust
to what your body can handle.
Control?
The more you train a vessel.
the more you'll be able
to move the power freely.
Like this.
Wait. is that All Might?
No way! When did he get here?
-Let's go. young Midoriya!
-Yes. sir!
The flame I passed on to you
is still small.
but in the future. it'll be exposed
to wind and rain and grow even bigger.
And then. I will slowly become weak
and disappear. and I will finish my job.
Yeah. that's deep.
EPISODE FOUR:
WHAT I CAN DO FOR NOW
APRIL
-Izuku. do you have tissues?
-Yeah.
And what about your handkerchief?
Your hanky?
I have it! I'm going to be late.
I have to hurry.
-Izuku!
-What is it?
You're really cool.
That was the beginning
of my high school career.
I'm off!
The acceptance rate
for U.A. High's hero course
is less than one
in three hundred every year.
Other than the four people
admitted through recommendations.
Thirty-six are admitted
through the regular exam.
Those 36 are split into
only two classes. with 18 in each.
Class 1-A…
This place's too big.
There it is!
The door's huge!
Is it for accessibility?
The elite chosen
from the huge number at the exam…
I hope I'm not in the same class
as the scary people…
-Don't put your feet on the desk!
-Huh?
Don't you think that's rude
to the U.A. upperclassmen
and the people who made the desk?
Nope. What junior high did you go to.
you side character?
The top two?
I attended Somei Private Academy.
My name is Tenya Iida.
Somei? So you're a damn elite. huh?
Looks like I'll have fun crushing you.
"Crushing"?
That's cruel.
Do you truly aim to be a hero?
You're…
Oh. um…
Good morning!
-I am from Somei. My name is--
-I heard!
I'm Midoriya. Nice to meet you. Iida.
Midoriya. you realized
there was something more
to that practical exam. didn't you?
I had no idea…
I misjudged you!
I hate to admit it.
but you are better than me.
Sorry. I actually didn't realize anything.
Oh. that curly hair!
You're the plain-looking one!
-It's the nice person!
-You passed. just like Present Mic said!
She looks good in a uniform…
Of course you did!
Your punch was amazing!
Oh. well. um. it was
thanks to you going to speak
with him directly that I. uh…
-How did you know about that?
-Oh. uh. that's because…
I can't believe we have two students
from our school matriculating into U.A.!
Especially you. Midoriya. It's a miracle!
What dirty tricks
did you use to get in. huh?
"The first student from his school
to go to U.A."
My future plan
has already been torn to pieces.
I told you to go somewhere else!
Kacchan.
Someone told me:
"You can become a hero".
That it was because of my own effort.
That's why…
I'm going!
How dare he defy me?
Something's definitely up.
I wonder if today's just
the entrance ceremony and orientation?
I wonder what our teacher's like?
-Aren't you nervous?
-So close!
Go somewhere else
if you want to play at being friends.
This is the hero course.
Something's here?
Okay. it took eight seconds
before you were quiet.
Time is limited.
You kids are not rational enough.
A teacher?
Which means.
that person's a pro hero. too?
But I've never seen a hero
who looked that worn out before.
I'm your homeroom teacher.
Shota Aizawa.
Nice to meet you.
Homeroom teacher?
It's kind of sudden. but put this on
and go out onto the field.
TEACHER DIRECTORY
The U.A. system
does not follow the beaten path.
Depending on the homeroom teacher.
even the first day can be…
A Quirk assessment test?
What about the entrance ceremony?
The orientation?
If you're going to become a hero.
you don't have time
for such leisurely events.
U.A.'s selling point is how unrestricted
its school traditions are.
That's also how the teachers
run their classes.
You kids have been doing these
since junior high. too. right?
Physical fitness tests where you
weren't allowed to use your Quirks.
The country still uses averages
taken from results from students
not using their Quirks.
It's not rational.
Well. the Ministry of Education
is procrastinating.
Bakugo. you finished at the top
of the practical exam. right?
In junior high. what was your best result
for the softball throw?
Sixty-seven meters.
Then. try doing it with your Quirk.
You can do whatever you want
as long as you stay in the circle.
Hurry up. Give it all you've got.
Then. well…
I'll add a blast to the pitch.
Die!
"Die"?
Know your own maximum first.
That is the most rational way
to form the foundation of a hero.
Seven hundred and five meters?
Seriously?
What's this? It looks fun!
We can use our Quirks as much as we want!
As expected from the hero course!
"It looks fun." huh?
You have three years to become a hero.
Will you have an attitude
like that the whole time?
All right.
Whoever comes in last place
in all eight tests
will be judged to have no potential
and will be punished with expulsion.
Huh?
Aizawa. huh?
NAME: SHOTA AIZAWA
ERASURE HERO: ERASER HEAD
He'll be facing a lot
of suffering from the start.
Punished with expulsion?
Oh no… This is bad!
In all eight tests?
I can only use One For All at either
a hundred or zero percent.
I can't control it yet…
We're free to do what we want
about the circumstances of our students.
Welcome to U.A.'s hero course!
A huge test on the first day of school?
What am I going to do?
Last place will be expelled?
But it's the first day of school!
No. even if it wasn't the first day
of school. this is too unfair!
Natural disasters. big accidents.
and selfish villains.
Calamities whose time or place
can't be predicted.
Japan is covered with unfairness.
Heroes are the ones
who reverse those situations.
If you wanted to go talk
with your friends at Mickey D's
after school. too bad.
For the next three years.
U.A. will do all it can to give you
one hardship after another.
Go beyond. Plus Ultra.
Overcome it with all you've got.
This is too serious to be hazing.
However. this is the best of the best.
There is no choice but to do it.
This isn't all I've got.
All right. demonstration's over.
The real thing starts now.
FIRST TEST: 50-METER DASH
On your mark…
Get set…
3.04 seconds.
For 50 meters.
I can only go up to third gear…
Tenya Iida.
Quirk: Engine.
As you can see. his legs are fast.
Well. he's like a fish in water.
It'll be worth seeing what others do.
TSUYU ASUI: 5.58 SECONDS
Ribbit.
Lighten up my clothes and shoes…
Ochaco Uraraka.
Quirk: Zero Gravity!
Get set…
She can nullify the gravitational pull
of any object she touches.
However. if she goes over capacity.
she'll get really nauseous.
5.49 seconds.
7.15 seconds.
But that's faster than I was
in junior high!
Everyone.
you're not being creative enough.
-On your mark. get set…
-I'll show you what it's like…
to be allowed to use your Quirk!
Yuga Aogama.
Quirk: Navel Laser!
He can shoot a laser from his bellybutton.
He's limited by the amount
of time he can shoot continuously.
5.51 seconds.
If I shoot for more than a second.
I get a stomachache.
What the heck?
Looking at the upper limit of your Quirks
and the room for growth in each result.
it becomes clear
what you can and can't do.
On your mark. get set…
That will connect to the creativity
needed for you to survive.
Explosive speed!
4.13 seconds.
Katsuki Bakugo.
Quirk: Explosion!
7.02 seconds.
When I use both hands.
the force disperses…
Deku is…
There are seven more tests.
I'm sure everyone will use their Quirks
to produce some extraordinary results.
On the other hand. I have this power
that will break my body if I use it once.
Control…
Even if I have the image in my head.
when I have to actually use it…
The trick to controlling it
is…
feeling!
Wow. that's All Might for you!
You've already pulled out the 100%.
It destroyed me. though.
But now that you have. it'll be easy.
You should've already grasped
the feeling.
What was it like?
It was like a "bzzt" or a "whoosh"!
Um…
I know!
Like an egg put into a microwave!
That's boring. but unique!
If that's the image you have.
then lower the wattage.
or shorten the cook time.
Anything's fine. just focus on the image
of the egg not exploding.
The image?
You have three weeks until school starts.
Keep focusing on that image.
It won't happen overnight.
but I'm sure you will be able
to do it someday.
SECOND TEST: GRIP STRENGTH
The image of the egg not exploding…
Wow!
Five hundred and forty kilograms?
What are you. a gorilla?
Oh. an octopus?
Octopuses are sexy.
THIRD TEST: STANDING LONG JUMP
Control…
FOURTH TEST: REPEATED SIDE STEPS
FIFTH TEST: BALL THROW
Infinity?
That's amazing! She got "infinity"!
This is bad. It's not something simple
that I can just do right away.
Everyone's leaving at least
one amazing result…
All that's left is this.
the long-distance run.
sit-ups. and the seated toe-touch.
It's now or never.
At this rate. I'll be last.
It doesn't look good for Midoriya
if he continues like this.
Huh? Of course not.
He's a Quirkless small fry. you know.
Quirkless? Are you not aware
of what he did in the entrance exam?
Huh?
It's about time. huh?
Izuku! You're really cool.
You can become a hero.
I'll definitely become one!
Forty-six meters.
I was definitely
trying to use it just now…
I erased your Quirk.
That entrance exam was definitely
not rational enough.
Even a kid like you was accepted.
You erased my Quirk?
Those goggles… I see!
You can erase other people's Quirks
with your Quirk just by looking at them.
The Erasure Hero: Eraser Head!
Eraser? I don't know him.
I've heard of him.
He's an underground hero.
He doesn't like media attention
because he says it hinders his work.
That's right. Young Midoriya.
He and I don't get along.
From what I can tell.
you can't control your Quirk. can you?
Do you intend to become incapacitated
again and have someone save you?
That's not my intention…
Whatever your intention.
I'm saying that's what those around you
will be forced to do.
In the past. there was
an oppressively passionate hero
who saved over a thousand people
by himself and created a legend.
Even if you have
the same reckless valor.
you'll just be decked and turn into
a useless doll after saving one person.
Izuku Midoriya.
With your power.
you can't become a hero.
I've returned your Quirk.
You have two turns for the ball throw.
Hurry up and get it over with.
-It looks like he received some advice.
-Are you worried about him?
Probably just telling him he's expelled.
I'm not at all.
Who are you?
What should I do?
Which should I choose?
Will he incorrigibly prepare
for an honorable defeat here
by using all his strength.
or become intimidated
and settle into last place?
No matter which he chooses.
he has no potential.
I still can't control my power.
Should I let everything I can do
hang on this one throw?
Even All Might said that
it wouldn't happen overnight.
This is no good!
If that's my only choice.
then I just have to go all out!
Zero potential.
It's just as Mr. Aizawa says.
At this rate.
there's no way I'll become a hero.
Hey. hey. is he serious?
I have to work
a lot harder than other people!
That's why. with all my strength…
I'll do what I can right now!
Smash!
It doesn't hurt as much as before…
Do you intend to become incapacitated
again and have someone save you?
Mr. Aizawa…
I can still move!
This kid…
I came because I was worried.
but what the heck. young man?
You still couldn't control your power.
but you also
couldn't become incapacitated.
So. you propelled the ball
at the last point of contact
by sending the power of One For All
to just your fingertip.
minimizing the injury
while maximizing the power!
What the heck. young man?
You're so cool!
NEXT TIME
Hero Basic Training.
a class only available
in the hero course at U.A.!
Deku. let's do our best together
in combat training.
Uraraka? I talked to a girl again!
Looks like we're up against
Team Iida and Bakugo.
I'm going to fight against Kacchan!
Next time. "Rage. You Damn Nerd"!
Deku's going to put bunny ears
on his head! It's so cute!
Go beyond!
Plus Ultra!
NEXT TIME:
RAGE. YOU DAMN NERD